I've been trying to understand what people mean when they talk about the "architecture of surveillance." Because they'll maybe talk about cameras and they'll maybe talk about networks, but they won't really talk about buildings. They'll allude to geography, but they won't talk about anything that has an exact known latitude and longitude. 

A while ago I went on a trip to an area just outside of Washington, DC, home to national parks, strip malls, and a slew of government and military agencies and contractors working for those agencies. I was fascinated, but I was also bored. Actually, I was fascinated *because* I was bored. I was in the belly of the beast, within a few miles of the NSA headquarters. Shouldn't there be enormous dark clouds hovering, like psychic markers, over these buildings? 

I suppose I should have known better. In most of the books I'd read about intelligence contractors, these offices are ciphers, literary devices that lend themselves into a revealing segway. "It looks like a boring office building, but inside..." And from there we jump-cut to blacklit rooms, giant projections of world maps and contractors furiously typing commands into machines. Well, it's actually probably more boring that. 

It makes sense that these buildings aren't that interesting for writers who follow the money and want to be where the action is. While technically the office parks of Maryland and Virginia are where a lot of the work of intelligence contracting happens, They're not *literally* where the action is. Surveillance's impacts are felt on battlefields, by people who might never know they are being watched; in newsrooms now confirmed in longstanding fears that they were being watched; and in apartments of activists who probably should have figured they were being watched. Its impacts are not felt in office parks.




###Nonsequiter
A question that continues to be on my mind as I dive into these things: why do so many of these companies even *have* websites and what kind of conversations are they having with their graphic designers? Who are they selling their services to, exactly? 

##Other Places COPT has office properties:

Colorado Springs, CO
	"Cresterra" boasts of its proximity to Fort Carson and Peterson Air Force Base
	"Interquest" is located "directly opposite" the U.S. Air Force Academy
	"Patriot Park" also claims to be close to Peterson Air Force Base
	(Peterson Air Force Base has HQs for NORAD, NORTHCOM, Air Force Space Command, and US Army Space & Missile Defense Command)
San Antonio, Texas
	"Sentry Gateway" is a complex of 3 buildings within close proximity to the Texas Cryptology Center.
Alabama
	"Redstone Gateway" in Huntsville--currently under development, Boeing currently first tenant. Super close to Redstone Arsenal. 
Virginia
	Dahlgren Technology Center- Patuxent River Naval Air Station
DC
	1201 M St Southeast & 1220 12th Street SE-Proximity to Navy Yard/Bolling Military Base

Pennsylvania
