#9/15 event notes

##Tour

###Needs
+ Facilitators
	+ Rebecca
	+ Yates
	+ Marisa
	+ Justin
	+ Nathan
+ Documentation
	+ Samara (working with Amy, doing a "story walk"/oral history project)
	+ Manissa (audio)
	+ Livestreamers 
		+ (Marisa will reach out to someone, I missed the name)
		+ Nathan will reach out to people
		+ Justin will send a message to GlobalRev
		+ Ingrid will reach out to Matt
		+ Actual videographers 
	+ Curate list of livestreamers, etc. 

###Notes
+ Number of people per group?
+ Number of facilitators? 
+ Is this also a demonstration? 
+ Performative aspect, mic check--also a way to address acoustics
+ Tone--day-to-day aspects of the park/movement vs empahsizing days of action in the tour
+ Asserting that this history will not be lost, that it is relevant
+ Understanding what was the people's struggle that happened in each space
+ Grounding it in historical context, other people's movements
+ Signs? As a way to mark the sites with performative thing
	+ Yates

##Map

###Needs
+ Materials (Ingrid)
+ Digitizing and Archiving aaaaah I guess this is my baby. 

##Archives

###Needs
+ Recording equipment & table (good--Samara and Manissa!! Yay!!)
+ painter's tape and people to help set up the content (Ingrid can help Amy on Saturday)
+ Amy, Rebecca, Samara, Manissa
+ Reaching out to specific people who have things. 
	+ Lopi
	+ Rachel Schragis
	+ Aaron
	+ People's Puppets

##Structured Reportback style thing or discussion

###Needs
+ Facilitators
	+ Ilona: Greeter!
	+ Nathan
	+ Yates kind of 
	+ Christina maybe
+ A loose agenda

##Broadly
+ Capacity: what can we actually do in this space?
+ "This is not a comeback moment"
+ But also want to hear about what people are **doing**
+ Opening of the tour with ballet classes at the bull 
+ "A lot of the people who were here are not going to be here"
+ Welcoming station

##Needs
+ Snacks!! (Justin)
+ Drinks!! (Nathan, ask people to bring their own)

##More needs

+ Projector (media archives)

##Outreach and Promotion

+ Currently going on Facebook thing
+ Going on the WNV list
+ Archive audiences
+ Invite the *really good journalists* that we like 
+ Everyone invite like 5 people
+ Inbox Occupied
+ Gawker/Gothamist

###Messaging

+ "Come tell your story"
+ "Come hear stories"

###Needs

+ Reaching out to people we want to have speaking about the thing

##Next Steps

+ Tour meeting Monday 10am